https://news.ycombinator.com/rss
https://www.filamentgroup.com/lab/atom.xml

# SMASHING MAGAZINE
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/feed/

# CSS TRICKS
https://css-tricks.com/feed/

# A LIST APART
http://alistapart.com/main/feed

# QUIRKSMODE
https://www.quirksmode.org/blog/index.xml

# WEBPLATFORM NEWS
https://www.kill-the-newsletter.com/feeds/qp19ilx13jj1exkq56tc.xml

# HISTORY OF THE WEB
https://www.kill-the-newsletter.com/feeds/8nj3i0xp58ir16sfyig1.xml

# Twitter feeds
# -------------

https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=MasteringVim twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=DasSurma twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=IvanDalmet twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=gleroypro twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=tpierrain twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=iamtzi twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=goulvench twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=Sara_harkousse twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=clementd twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=notwaldorf twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=renaudgerson twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=RudyBaer twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=alexronsaut twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=YoannFleuryDev twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=ericevans0 twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=VaughnVernon twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=cyriux twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=DDD_Borat twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=commandlinefu twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=vimgolf twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=VimGeeks twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=VimLinks twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=vimnews twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=kangax twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=zigazou twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=2ec0b4 twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=chriscoyier twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=umaar twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=tameverts twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=csswizardry twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=LeaVerou twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=webAgencyFAIL twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=ppk twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=jaffathecake twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=scottjehl twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=paul_irish twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=necolas twitter
https://twitrss.me/twitter_user_to_rss/?user=SaraSoueidan twitter


# REDDIT
# ------

# Webdev
https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev.rss

# Unixporn
https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn.rss

# DDD
https://www.reddit.com/r/dddesign.rss


